aws/index.md, before:

# 5G00GA94-3003 Introduction to Cloud and AWS

The course is done using digital lectures, demos, activities, knowledge checks, and hands-on labs **independently**.

From [aws web site](https://aws.amazon.com/training/awsacademy/#:~:text=Architect%20–%20Associate%20certification.-,This%20course%20contains%20approximately%2040%20hours%20of%20content%20delivered%20through,on%20labs%2C%20and%20project%20work.):

> This course contains approximately _40 hours of content_ delivered through lectures and hands-on labs.

The course is 3 credits, which means ~81 hours of work which divided following

1. Instructional Hours (≈40 hours):
   - Lectures and guided hands‑on labs.
2. Self‑Study & Preparation (≈41 hours):
   - Pre‑reading, lab review, troubleshooting.
   - Exam prep, practice questions, optional projects.

## AWS Academy Cloud Developing – Weekly Schedule (2025)

Course Duration: **Week 36 to Week 50**, Course consists of following modules:

| Week | Module Number | Topic                                                          | Lab     | Knowledge Check |
| ---- | ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- | --------------- |
| 36   | 01            | Welcome and Overview / Welcome to AWS Academy Cloud Developing | ❌      | ❌              |
| 37   | 02            | Introduction to Developing AWS                                 | ✅      | ✅              |
| 38   | 03            | Developing Storage Solutions                                   | ✅      | ✅              |
| 39   | 04            | Securing Access to Cloud Resources                             | ❌      | ✅              |
| 40   | 05            | Developing Flexible NoSQL Solutions                            | ✅      | ✅              |
| 41   | 06            | Developing REST APIs                                           | ✅      | ✅              |
| 42   | 07            | Developing Event‑Driven Serverless Solutions                   | ✅      | ✅              |
| 43   | 08            | Introducing Containers and Container Services                  | ✅ (x2) | ✅              |
| 44   | 09            | Caching Information for Scalability                            | ✅ (x2) | ✅              |
| 45   | 10            | Developing with Messaging Services                             | ✅      | ✅              |
| 46   | 11            | Defining Workflows to Orchestrate Functions                    | ✅      | ✅              |
| 47   | 12            | Developing Secure Applications on AWS                          | ✅      | ✅              |
| 48   | 13            | Automating Deployment Using CI/CD Pipelines                    | ✅      | ✅              |
| 49   | 14            | Bridging to Certification (Optional)                           | ❌      | ❌              |
| 50   | —             | **Exam**                                                       | ❌      | ✅              |

## How to Pass the Course

1. To earn a **minimum passing grade (1)**, you must complete **all AWS Academy modules** before week 50.
   - Avoid last-minute work, follow the weekly schedule provided to stay on track.
2. To aim for a **higher grade (1-5)**, you must **participate in the final exam** held in **week 50**. You cannot participate on the exam if AWS Academy modules are not completed.
   - If you take the exam but do not pass, your grade will remain **1**.

Commit message:

docs(aws/README.md): add exam info

aws/index.md, after:

# 5G00GA94-3003 Introduction to Cloud and AWS

The course is done using digital lectures, demos, activities, knowledge checks, and hands-on labs **independently**.

From [aws web site](https://aws.amazon.com/training/awsacademy/#:~:text=Architect%20–%20Associate%20certification.-,This%20course%20contains%20approximately%2040%20hours%20of%20content%20delivered%20through,on%20labs%2C%20and%20project%20work.):

> This course contains approximately _40 hours of content_ delivered through lectures and hands-on labs.

The course is 3 credits, which means ~81 hours of work which divided following

1. Instructional Hours (≈40 hours):
   - Lectures and guided hands‑on labs.
2. Self‑Study & Preparation (≈41 hours):
   - Pre‑reading, lab review, troubleshooting.
   - Exam prep, practice questions, optional projects.

## 📅 AWS Academy Cloud Developing - Weekly Schedule (2025)

Course Duration: **Week 36 to Week 50**, Course consists of following modules:

| Week | Module Number | Topic                                                          | Lab     | Knowledge Check |
| ---- | ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- | --------------- |
| 36   | 01            | Welcome and Overview / Welcome to AWS Academy Cloud Developing | ❌      | ❌              |
| 37   | 02            | Introduction to Developing AWS                                 | ✅      | ✅              |
| 38   | 03            | Developing Storage Solutions                                   | ✅      | ✅              |
| 39   | 04            | Securing Access to Cloud Resources                             | ❌      | ✅              |
| 40   | 05            | Developing Flexible NoSQL Solutions                            | ✅      | ✅              |
| 41   | 06            | Developing REST APIs                                           | ✅      | ✅              |
| 42   | 07            | Developing Event‑Driven Serverless Solutions                   | ✅      | ✅              |
| 43   | 08            | Introducing Containers and Container Services                  | ✅ (x2) | ✅              |
| 44   | 09            | Caching Information for Scalability                            | ✅ (x2) | ✅              |
| 45   | 10            | Developing with Messaging Services                             | ✅      | ✅              |
| 46   | 11            | Defining Workflows to Orchestrate Functions                    | ✅      | ✅              |
| 47   | 12            | Developing Secure Applications on AWS                          | ✅      | ✅              |
| 48   | 13            | Automating Deployment Using CI/CD Pipelines                    | ✅      | ✅              |
| 49   | 14            | Bridging to Certification (Optional)                           | ❌      | ❌              |
| 50   | —             | **Exam**                                                       | ❌      | ✅              |

## 🎯 How to Pass the Course

1. To earn a **minimum passing grade (1)**, you must complete **all AWS Academy modules** before week 50.
   - Avoid last-minute work, follow the weekly schedule provided to stay on track.
2. To aim for a **higher grade (1-5)**, you must **participate in the final exam** held in **week 50**. You cannot participate on the exam if AWS Academy modules are not completed.
   - If you take the exam but do not pass, your grade will remain **1**.

## 📝 Exam

- Exam is done in [`exam.tuni.fi`](https://sites.tuni.fi/exam/).
- Contains multiple choice questions.
- Consists of questions from modules `02` to `13`.
- Each module has five (`5`) questions
  - `12 modules × 5 questions = 60 questions`
- Questions are chosen randomly so **each student will get a unique exam**.
- Exam will be open in week 49 and link is provided to students.
- You cannot have any extra material with you in the exam.
- Retakes?
  - If you fail the exam, you can retake the exam twice.
  - If you pass the exam, you can retake the exam once.
